hey guys so some more breaking news I
guess on today some leaked pictures have
been shown of the ZTE t98 tablet which
features an NVIDIA Tegra 3 processor now
basically if you don't own an NVIDIA
Tegra 3 processor is it's pretty much a
fast very very fast processor it's a
quad-core 1.5 gigahertz slightly under
clocked at one point three gigahertz
processor so it is pretty amazing it
features this tablet specifically
features in Android 3.2 mm to Android
3.2 at 1280 by 800 display one gigabyte
of ram 16 gigabytes of storage a five
megapixel rear camera and a 2 megapixel
front camera and it's eleven point five
millimeters thick and it's 3g at 4000
milliamp battery so it is quite amazing
you can see how this is the front kind
of smudge so you can't really tell it
does look it does it can fit in your
hands I mean like this looks a pretty
big phone I guess um the back I'm not
really sure what that is it looks like a
flash icon looks like a sticker can't
like tell I think this little back
thingy is like a little stand or
something and then this little middle
things like a flash or stick I'm not
really sure but does look like a little
stand is somewhere in there that's
obviously a camera and some warranty
stuff I yes this is the packaging I
would assume it's in Chinese so I can't
read it other than the fact that it says
it has a wxga screen so i guess that's
decent honeycomb you know obviously oh
it does support 1080p is so that's kind
of nice um yes you will see this all
turns out because frankly I'm the only
I'm device we've seen so far within the
NVIDIA Tegra 3 have been fake tablets or
demos so now it's kinda I see that
natural real tablet has been created for
an NVIDIA Tegra 3 scene anyways comment
rate and subscribe